Sister-in-law, my brother is just worried about you.
Why don't you go in first?
You let him go
Why are couples showing affection? It's a good thing
Brother, hurry up and go
If you delay any longer, the dinner will be over
Let's go I suddenly don't want to go
Let's go, too.
Stay away from me!
You are stupid, this is obviously with Mr. Gu
Anyone?
How do I feel about Mr. Gu not paying attention to others?
It's clearly a couple having an emotional outburst
Ok listen to me
Don't make trouble for yourself
I'm sorry, son-in-law, you learn from the scriptures.
Said stay away from me
Can't you understand human language?
Okay? Okay?
I won't say it then.
Don't be angry.
What do you want?
Half of my fortune is not enough
What do you mean?
Cloud Demon took half of his property
They separated
Don't mess with me again
Otherwise, you can't bear the consequences.